[Music]
with friends
okay well playing guts and glory Tomer
anzac never played this before just do
the first one death Park dude Pleasant
Park happy wheels shut up okay Zak Jimmy
John Jimmy Jack Jill Oh yang family
young child in the backseat yeah try to
protect your kid so what's the goal what
are we doing you're supposed to oh my
he's supposed to get the big to the goal
yeah
so now go to the next level I don't
freaking know you looks like a friend
I'm gonna find ways you have to be drawn
in Jimmy this time yes checkpoints go
for a nice little ride yeah
make a left here a nice pace oh well I'm
gonna have to check that be good little
legs rag dolling all over is actually
played peaceful see it's a very good
game just to relax you know eventually
my ADHD I've got anxiety I've got PTSD
I've got my poorest order I've got
schizophrenia I've got I've got I've got
a bum leg I've got I just said to you
mr. D is that gonna be careful to
protect your child you're talking
the assassin it's a [__] robot
another one in there you go lost your
[__] please trying to kill the
Bushido is try to kill my boy oh okay
you're doing alright actually do culture
great there you seen he's doing alright
I just saw him lose a kid yeah but like
you gonna blame every parent for losing
their kid maybe ten kids like 92 no
today probably
[Laughter]
this is sweet
it's awful it was amazing okay Shawn and
Jimmy alright okay yeah yeah try boost
so while you're accelerating hit X what
Oh while you're going hit X yeah it
would be square not I'm sorry oh god
they're shooting you Charlie [__] little
boy
yeah I always confuse that old man would
shoot myself at the bow and arrow before
no no yeah it's like a mounted ballista
so yeah this is me getting moment of
whoa whoops what the [__] is shooting at
you in the park this we're gonna be seen
there you go
holy [__] so we built a fun ramp for you
up here that's where the guts in black
this one gets a gallery part comes from
it's the it's the
ballistas I want to progress wait let's
respond d-pad up okay so let's go right
there's a landline directly you push the
circle okay I don't want to do that okay
oh okay see Zack it's not that [__]
hard
as accelerators square you go like a
butterball really yeah seriously hope
you see I'm doing that you're twice best
well there was amazing oh [__] Oh who's
putting these out here okay Jesus okay
nice he survived that time I'm almost
beating time Oh bonus adrenaline junkie
okay let's do it
John Jimmy oh boy adrenaline slow-motion
so you have to pass in there without
getting your hit your kid's head sliced
off I can do that look yeah I like the
gore in the song is a slow-motion thing
is trying to teach I'm just too good
that's the problem
what are these [__] doing for this
okay there you go
they're following me around there's a
landmine okay see this game's good a vet
skills they got a [__] crate of them
just shooting it over here okay this
time I'm not I'm not gonna fall for that
old trick classic trick yeah okay roblox
[Music]
or something
be proud do the stunts though left
sticks what does that he'll of sticks
flips that was [__] awesome guys
ready you feel for you
I'm not afraid of him you get a boost
first okay there's a [__] horrifying
spikes there
could know Jesus breaking was really
like believable oh I think I'm broke Tom
or is priceless Egyptian vase come on go
in there yeah whoa what the [__]
bleep for glory okay okay can you launch
all the eggs at once
Exe button well that's all gonna do
Andrew flies
oh that sucked let's try that again
come on get in there yeah okay that was
cool
well that was quite a special kind of
greasy spittoon weight drunken flight
okay we gotta be Larry this yummy
Leisure Suit Larry Oh God
Oh way to go WASD that's why is it true
that there is no just hold the right
trigger like my crazy once there was
some Chinese man of butter thousand
years go try them both let's build a
rocket bite by Billy a chair with a
little creative space
I freaking like this thing where he tied
a bunch of balloons to his chair there
was at one point so we're looking good I
am at this it was awesome
that's pretty great okay I'm gonna be
Larry again I had a lot of fun with him
Larry is a very nuanced control scheme
holy [__] yeah look one who is alleged
to a Chinese official supposedly of 2000
BC or else in the middle of the Ming
Dynasty 16th century who is described in
the 20th century sources as the world's
first astronaut by Bay lifted by Rockets
ad outer space wait they say it Rockets
in 2000 BC so currently at 16th century
why decided to take advantage of China's
advanced rocket and fire mixed ecology
to launch himself into outer space
he supposedly had a chair built with 47
Rockets of day of liftoff splendidly
attired climbed to do a bucketeer and 47
servants lit the fuses with a nice light
ran for cover there was a huge explosion
when the smoke cleared one and the
chiller gone and was severed said never
to have been seen again
so I think it's best story I think it
made I think the Wikipedia article says
it's probably that true but it's at
least a story
the Yanks say goodbye to their snobby
neighbors the Joneses and hit the wide
open road I mean there's no way it would
have gotten him up to space like no it
definitely moved the chair but reaching
escape velocity how much math was
required to just get it just from
driving in rocker velocity beautiful
that's you know what makes my bleed if
you roll the carpet here we go okay I
got my family back we're good a safe
little family John I love that we have a
rocky car my stories are falling the
rocket car reminds me of what was that
movie rat race I freaking love rarities
Whoopi Goldberg has to drive the rocket
car that part's pretty sick [__] my
wife what the hell what's going on here
I like the whole bit with Jon Lovitz
where he like he like he like burns his
tongue what is this and reraise yeah
it's the cigarette lighter thing I think
she's gonna do that burns his tongue
which is why it sounds like he's
shouting it's like steel yeah it's like
a steering wheel or something something
on the steering wheel
indent on his on his lip that looks like
the Hitler mustache
he's screaming what sounds like German
oh look at my little kid's head rocking
all right you said your favorite movies
without a paddle though right
I've never seen without a paddle you
quoted me all the time I do I do not
you're like you're like the three of us
okay like the three guys without a
penalty
[Music]
was to cure the new think it was off of
the coast of Africa such place and throw
the Spears at the Decameron people the
crew really yeah look
put the video and so you mean the actual
thing that happened when they hover to
helicopter and the throne Spears up yeah
be like get out of here you metal dragon
yeah no seriously can we watch it real
quick just a quick little phone little
break no just put it on the screen how
do these people [__] survive out
there I think they do I think it's
really uh inbred and I think they just
eat with the fish and stuff that's all
you need they eat the clouds in the
ocean [__] you Zach go bananas
go back for my help we did you say bonus
bonus did you say bananas absolutely
bananas that's freaking boneheads here's
my a little rocket on my - when are they
ever gonna invent that thing from is how
would you not crack your skull of that
do not crack your skull into a [__]
airplane you're not outside airplane
like pushing it I guess you're right
this guy can fall if you crash an
airplane into a shark what would count
as killing you the airplane or the shark
head explode right of the shrapnel and
the fire but what if you crashed and you
landed with like knack first into his
throat and he bit down wait the whole
airplay dude question somewhere you lost
your hand in this game it's [__] up
Pedro can you not watch the [__] road
for one second I'm gonna throw up so
October gets a sick like do you ever eat
that is what this just proves that
people play video games and make them
more violent for 30 years will make me a
worse driver in a way you think so
yeah cuz I'll be used to the habits in a
videogame realm where you don't really
have to care too much bumping into
things at the same time I think behind a
real wheel you feel way more in control
than you ever would with Louise also
feel terrified behind the real world
because you realize that your brain
could be turned to the ground
before the sidewalk if you don't like
careful that's a really good point
you'll be just fine
as a driver to Chris I'm gonna get the
cyber truck and then I'm gonna run over
little kids with it yeah you ready that
GTA where you just play the game where
you thought ready red light so you're
just actually stopping yeah actually
play where they're just for the whole
time to play it like the roleplay people
they they stop at stop lights and stuff
I'm not sure if we ever talked about
that the guy who got me banned oh yeah
did we ever talk about that on here I
don't think so
well some of the videos were featured
that guy right you know basically what
happened was I was [__] around that
roleplay server and then this guy keep
spawning guitars and so basically the
rules of that server were like rule
number one don't go to the military base
that stole a big military truck and I
parked it at the main intersection in
town and I was waiting for someone to
come across and just I wanted to see
what the reaction would be so this guy
[__] drives a ball slowly and he's
like the guy himself with streaming it
so I think it's a prude or filled with
there's like six different eggs but
here's what happened right that this guy
came across me and at first we were
having a nice little conversation she's
like why's this year I was like I don't
know I was lying I was like I don't know
you try to stay character two years like
yeah military to the side and wines to
his like follow before you get to that
happens so basic oh my god here's what
happens so I was talking to that guy and
then as the conversation went on he
started getting more weary and he
started getting like kind of snobby and
then there was a part where I jumped on
on the bottom of his car and I
discovered that there was an emot-- that
let you spam guitars so if you touch the
button you would take out a guitar then
if you touch the button again you drop
the first guitar and taking another one
so I just spammed the button and a big
pile of guitars Paulie I was like
here's a bunch of guitars and then that
guy was like oh um public trash and he
like drove away
and then I was just like what okay and
then I got in the military truck and I
ran but then afterwards I got banned and
I was like why did I get banned for I
did way worse [__] and then it turns out
it was because of that guy he went on
his stream and he put yeah he pulled
into the side for 20 minutes and he
built up a huge report and the main
reason he got me banned was because I
spawned guitars and that was why I got
ban it's like it's not even a rule that
you can't do that because well the
perception is that you got banned
because of that chase yeah because I
broke role play but yeah but in my mind
it was if you could spam a guitar why
not oh well that was the main reason I
got banned with the guitars oh wow look
at you go on his little [__] spiked
balls raining from the heavens oh my god
why'd you do that that's the best Gore
video by the way did you just unlock
this guy no he's been there from the
start the fat guy the tractors been
there since beginning that's right there
it's a quad bike it is a quad bike
oh yeah we call four-wheelers in the
States
before we have you read before told mine
I don't think I have it scheduled but
you guys okay okay let's go to the big
desert and do it Mojave this is a very
very dangerous area tour please be
careful
we you've got a little boost who's that
guy was a woman a woman in a lovely
pantsuit and there's of the road that
they're shooting you know Torrance is
such a yeah you know okay dude I'll be
just fine there you go no he's like
veering to the right now these your
boots
it's a powerful boost up that wall oh
now I know you okay there you go yeah
I'm missing a front tire do you see
everything did not work out holy [__]
God butcher for the balls of spikes
those things are weird I think they're
just more razor blades I thought I was
gonna be the end of me he kept those
quarters have killed you bored that
David like things have I feel like like
smashing into a corner of the road it
you just got to be real easy on that
accelerator see I'm great at steering
okay that stupid [__] is standing in
the middle of the road really pisses me
off
let's trade Jack and Jill they went up
the hill Jack and Jill went up the hill
but what does he find when I got there
go poor Jack fell down and broke his
crown he'll be John or Jimmy or Jack I
want to be Jack and Jill
let's [__] where'd you go who's
throwing blue balls at me
the [__] I'm out of here who's doing
that trying to get in here I feel like
even if you are a kid you deserve what
you get at this point let's go there she
is
little sister's body get back in here
you don't beat that would I would be
impressed as hell if you could get her
to roll back in like just you just hit
the physics just right then it is a
rolls and like scoops her out oh no
I'm missing my delightful sister let's
get her back there we go go over like
it's sweet jump yeah just try to keep
her safe it's it's more fun if it
happens by accident yeah you're right it
was a good visual they got him at that
no she's gonna get slammed she'll get
the [__] out of our gear she's already
past it she's fine she'll survive the
right go looks really good I gotta say a
few years old oh Christ
you see though leave me alone I think
you just never want to be right in the
middle of the road cuz that's what those
balls are aiming for only what you do
but I lost control
Oh approach them I don't know they're
stupid unlike me Oh
okay what those land mines oops okay
this time we're okay be careful Jill
there we go throw the window in but see
if you get hit with the head button but
you can see she's [__] Jesus [__]
[Laughter]
this is such a horrifying would be awful
if you loved was like vaporized you
literally couldn't even do it [__]
have like a proper bear here's the
premise of the boys oh yeah thanks for
spoiling it's alright it's a first
episode ten minutes baby I keep
forgetting to watch that there's that
gonna watch that okay this time we'll be
alright
I'm sorry I lost Jill come on theatres
and you [__] with me
no I swear shut up oh my god she started
crying Oh [__] guy why it's scary
this is such a nightmare it is fun
though brainstem she's okay
which ones are those least primal fear
every every [__] come on come on come
on gotta dodge these [__] things
these are these are the worst things
here oh my God look at the [__] speed
of those more Jack and Jill
yeah like Jack and Jill come on you two
why do your best my best NPR voice this
is a serious request put a draw with
next to you don't fan out we can only be
stuck in rupees that's a [__] if you
draw a dart we're not sucking a reputed
suckers we're not gonna [__] for
context that's the way Midwestern
Americans refer to lollipops
that's this [__] thing who out there
says suckers I bet there's some people
out there from like Missouri and
Illinois and [__] that's a sucker's I
bet
Oh oh my god I said wobbly pop myself I
say I say would be a sucker sucker I
don't need to say stupid [__] like that
to get laughs oh yeah you do a lot of
like people you would give to a black
guy you like you puts ones hairs off you
with a pimple clip you burn so the paper
clip you're lighter you burn somebody
with a bag that's 2015 and I dipped it
right now go around it right now okay
okay real kids getting injured because
of mailboxes you're probably right I
know a kid who got decapitated yeah okay
yeah he's fine okay okay here we go
this times for real this is the real
world if I die in the game would die in
the real world
I can see Chris is talking through the
objective is amazing the game you don't
[__] kid those people's day when they
saw you I think it way to do that come
on come on come on okay everything's
fine go the sidewalk go in the [__]
sidewalk
everything's cool that car just spawned
out of nothing dude
turn around you dumb kid I would
freaking love to see like someone from
the year 600 play this game I think
he'll just kill themselves I think this
game would be banned in Australia
because you can hurt kids in it yeah
it's such a big deal about fall out
having my children they actually just
pulled them out of the game really good
no but on the right [__] I was doing so
good
maybe you got a new checkpoint yeah you
did come on Jill
whoa oh my god she's gonna be all right
she gonna be all right she's fine I
think if you can do the hell is she okay
she's drifting no into the middle of a
thing oh good how the [__] sheet up
and turn to the ground beefy look that
was cool
you ever see that like test that the guy
did where he's got the the fake little
toy car with the trailer behind him he's
got a little rat riding in the car and
he does a test to show that like the
positioning of the luggage and one will
completely make the car swerve out of
control you say like if the thing behind
the car does that yeah you're gonna pack
the luggage closer to the car or more
heavy towards or because if you do that
all the way at the back there's a little
the red dyes yeah yeah little rats took
in the car it's a real red yeah what the
[__] is is called rats Ryan's car they
put a real red and the thing to kill it
to show these good of it yeah because
they couldn't afford the dummies cause
it's like seven dollars
good the whole trailer okay Zach should
read revs car and may have Lloyd but
there's video do these videos of people
on YouTube feeding rats to piranhas and
[__] I guess you're right oh my god oh
my god they're trying to kill me when
you had to get you yeah
oh my god my son this sucks this sucks
this just sucks this is the homicidal
neighborhood try to go into the
buildings where alright try to leave
their abilities it gives you more this
is the world where a white man can't
just ride his bike down history just try
to protect my child that's about it
damn man what are you supposed to do I
guess you could do that
oh are they still going for my child yes
oh good good love the video oh here it
yeah we've as much as you can
there's gonna be a car that hits you
ahead on for this man look at this we're
good I hear a [__] car we're good
I hear no understand wait and then you
have to drive all the way back to the
start oh god this is a cruel [__]
good this is [__] hell this is like a
Stephen King movie it was actually way
better when you're just because now all
the cars respawn and they're all freaked
out oh god it's just so [__] scary
here we go that's bad stressful it's
kind of cool blood squirting out of your
[__] wheel he doesn't know me if you
[__] die this close already so bad
come on tree save me you should just
direct like a b-movie that's just about
this it's like the birds but
cars instead of